{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr16\min39}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
28/07/2006}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
PAGING ALL GAMERS! ATLUS U.S.A., INC. ISSUES A TRAUMA CENTER(TM) ANNOUNCEMENT}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Second Opinion Confirmed as Wii(TM) Launch Title}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE\line \line \line \line \line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CALIFORNIA \u8212\'97 JULY 28, 2006}{\loch
 \u8212\'97 Atlus U.S.A., Inc., a leading publisher of interactive entertainment, today issued a prescription of good news for fans of the company\u8217\'92s best-selling and critically acclaimed Trauma Center series of medical drama simulations.\line \line Trauma Center: Second Opinion was confirmed by Atlus USA as a North American launch title for the Wii. This robust \u8220\'93Wii-make\u8221\'94 of Under the Knife features new graphics and animation; new and remixed musical themes; new surgical implements and operation types; a second playable character with all-new missions; multiple difficulty modes for gamers of all skill levels; and a revised control system that takes full advantage of the revolutionary Wii Remote.\line \line Trauma Center: Second Opinion has not yet been rated by the ESRB.\line \line # # #\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
\line About Trauma Center}{\loch
\line \line Heart surgery and tumor removal might look easy from the morphine end, but how do you think the doctor feels? Well, you\u8217\'92re going to find out! In Trauma Center, the patients\u8217\'92 lives are in your hands! You\u8217\'92ll experience all the drama we\u8217\'92ve come to expect from the medical field. So go ahead, toss on some scrubs and step into the O.R.\u8212\'97it\u8217\'92s time to play doctor.\line \line It\u8217\'92s predecessor Trauma Center: Under the Knife has been hailed by critics as one of the best games for the Nintendo DS. \u8220\'93Arguably the most compelling use of the touch screen yet [Modojo]\u8230\'85You\u8217\'92ll likely never play a pseudo-sim this engaging [GameSpy]\u8230\'85One of the most creative and entertaining experiences the DS has offered [GotNext].\u8221\'94\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
\line About Atlus U.S.A., Inc.}{\loch
\line \line Located in Irvine, California and founded in 1991, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. is a publisher of compelling video games for a variety of platforms, including the Nintendo DS, Game Boy\u174\'ae Advance, Xbox 360\u8482\'99, and PlayStation\u174\'ae2. Atlus USA's library of critically acclaimed video games includes Riviera: The Promised Land, Trauma Center: Under the Knife, Magna Carta: Tears of Blood, and the award-winning Shin Megami Tensei series. For more information, visit http://www.atlus.com.\line \line \u169\'a9 2005, 2006 Atlus. Trauma Center is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc. \u8482\'99, \u174\'ae and Nintendo DS are trademarks of Nintendo. \u169\'a92004 Nintendo. The ratings icon is a trademark of the Entertainment Software Association.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Media Contact:}{\loch
\line Kyle Mann Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line 530.347.7155\line zach@atlus.com }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }