{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr16\min40}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
26/06/2007}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
ARE YOU A SMOOTH OPERATOR?}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
-Get your scalpels poised as Trauma Center: Second Opinion launches for Wii- }
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
26 June 2007-}{\loch
 Step back into the role of master surgeon as you take to the operating theatre in this year\u8217\'92s ultimate emergency room adventure. You will need to keep a cool head under pressure when Trauma Center: Second Opinion launches for Wii across Europe on 10th August 2007.\line \line Following the popular Trauma Center: Under The Knife on Nintendo DS, Trauma Center: Second Opinion allows you to become a life-saver once more as you perform complex and challenging operations, using the unique Wii Remote for a more immersive game experience. Set initially in Hope Hospital, Trauma Center: Second Opinion sees the return of rookie doctor Derek Stiles and introduces new surgeon Dr. Nozomi Weaver. Derek finds himself thrown in at the deep end combating the deadly disease \u8216\'91GUILT\u8217\'92 (Gangliated Utrophin Immuno Latency Toxin), believed to have been engineered by the terrorist group Delphi.\line \line Following the same format as the original Trauma Center: Under The Knife, Trauma Center: Second Opinion is a fast-paced action-filled game where players must complete the tasks set for them as quickly and accurately as possible. With points awarded for both accuracy and speed, a truly great surgeon will need a confident, but steady hand. In this version of the game, all the surgeon\u8217\'92s actions are controlled using a series of life-like movements with the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, making Trauma Center more exciting and realistic than ever before.\line \line The game\u8217\'92s controls add a very different dimension to Trauma Center: Second Opinion. With a two-handed play scheme utilising both the Wii Remote and Nunchuk, players can select instruments using the Nunchuk in one hand whilst the other hand employs the chosen tool, adding precision and realism to the game.\line \line Players are able to wield more than a dozen different instruments over the course of the game by using the Wii\u8217\'92s unique motion sensitive controls. Players can utilise everything from syringes, scalpels and tweezers to defibrillator paddles, which can be used to shock arrest patients back to life.\line \line Players can also use each character\u8217\'92s unique \u8220\'93Healing Touch\u8221\'94 ability; slow down time and perform lightning-fast surgery as Derek, or heal patients at an accelerated rate as Nozomi. But choose wisely \u8211\'96 these skills may only be used once in each operation.\line \line For skilled surgeons seeking an even tougher challenge, each stage can be replayed to improve score and ranking. There is also a brand-new sixth chapter of the story and an Extreme Difficulty mode that will push even the best player to their very limit, though new doctors can begin by selecting the optional Easy Difficulty setting!\line \line So you\u8217\'92d better make sure your hands are steady and you\u8217\'92re prepped for surgery when Trauma Center: Second Opinion launches across Europe for the Wii on 10th August 2007 at an estimated retail price of around \u163\'a335. The Wii console is available at the estimated retail price of around \u163\'a3179 and comes bundled with Wii Sports.\line \line Go to www.Wii.com <http://www.Wii.com> for the most up to date official information on the Wii.\line \line For further information please contact the Nintendo Press Office on 020 7307 3103\line \line - ends -\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Wii}{\loch
\line Nintendo\u8217\'92s new system, the Wii, features the Wii Remote, a controller designed to be used with either one hand or two -- a first in the video game industry. When picked up and pointed at the screen, the controller gives a lightning-quick element of interaction, sensing motion, depth, positioning and targeting dictated by movement of the controller itself.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Nintendo}{\loch
\line The worldwide innovator in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Wii\u8482\'99, Nintendo DS\u8482\'99, Game Boy\u174\'ae Advance and Nintendo GameCube\u8482\'99 systems. Since 1983, Nintendo has sold nearly 2.4 billion video games and more than 409 million hardware units globally, and has created industry icons like Mario\u8482\'99, Donkey Kong\u174\'ae, Metroid\u174\'ae, Zelda\u8482\'99 and Pok\u233\'e9mon\u174\'ae. As a wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of Europe, based in Grossostheim, Germany, was established in 1990 and serves as headquarters for Nintendo\u8217\'92s operations in Europe.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }