{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min17}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
23/12/2009}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
ATLUS TAKES TRAUMA TEAM}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Just what the Doctor ordered}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
\line \line \line \line }{\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CA - DECEMBER 22, 2009}{\loch
 - Atlus U.S.A., Inc. today took fans of the upcoming medical entertainment experience Trauma Team\u8482\'99, exclusively for Wii\u8482\'99, into the voice recording studio for a behind-the-scenes look at production work on this anticipated title.\line \line "With special thanks to the talented folks at PCB Productions, we're able to take fans inside the voice recording process and show them how work is progressing on the upcoming Trauma Team," said Crystal Murray, Public Relations Specialist at Atlus.\line \line The Behind-the-Scenes Voice-Over Recording video gives fans a special look inside PCB Productions and presents a closer look at the Trauma Team project as well as the overall voice-over recording process. Meet the Project Lead and Editor for Trauma Team along with Keith Arem, President of PCB Productions and Lead Recording Engineer for Trauma Team in this first installment.\line \line The Behind-the-Scenes Meet the Actors video goes into the voice recording process as a whole, including what PCB Productions looks for in voice actors when casting a part. Meet some of the talent in Trauma Team whose voices give life to the game's interesting and diverse cast, and learn some of the challenges they face along with some tidbits of advice for aspiring voice actors.\line \line Bigger and more exciting than ever before, Trauma Team is the ultimate medical drama! Encounter unprecedented depth across six distinct fields of medicine: play as a general surgeon, diagnostician, E.M.T., orthopedic surgeon, endoscopic technician, and forensic examiner. Follow the drama as never before with all-new dynamic story sequences inspired by Japanese animation and comics; each chapter comes vividly to life with a style seen nowhere else! Hand-drawn art, innovative animation, and quality voice acting perfectly capture the raw intensity, excitement, and danger of every heart-pounding moment!\line \line Trauma Team is currently scheduled for release on April 20, 2010 with an MSRP of $49.99. For more information, please visit the website www.atlus.com/traumateam.\line \line }{\loch\b\loch
About Atlus U.S.A., Inc.}{\loch
\line Located in Irvine, California and founded in 1991, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. is renowned for its proud tradition of publishing exceptional role-playing games with strong niche appeal. The Atlus library of critically acclaimed video games includes Demon's Souls, Odin Sphere, the Trauma Center series, and the award-winning Shin Megami Tensei series. For more information, visit http://www.atlus.com.\line \line For breaking news, special promotions, insider info, and more, visit http://www.atlus.com/faithful to join the ranks of the Atlus Faithful!\line \line \u169\'a9 2009 ATLUS Trauma Team is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc. Wii is a trademark of Nintendo. \u169\'a9 2006 Nintendo.\line \line Trauma Team has not yet been rated by the ESRB.\line \line }{\loch\b\loch
Contact:\line }{\loch
Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x102\line aram@atlus.com\line \line Crystal Murray\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x128\line crystal@atlus.com}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }