{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\loch\cf9\ul\ulc0 Hyperlink;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min20}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
21/01/2010}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
ATLUS RELEASES SECOND TRAUMA TEAM WALKTHROUGH VIDEO, "ENDOSCOPY" }
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
"Pardon me, Doctor, you're going to insert that WHERE?" }
\par \pard\plain \s18\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
\line \line \line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CA -- JANUARY 20, 2010}{\loch
 -- Atlus U.S.A., Inc. today released the second entry in its video walkthrough series focused on the various modes of the multi-discipline Trauma Team, the upcoming medical entertainment experience set to release for Wii\u8482\'99 on April 20, 2010. The video offers fans their first look at the Endoscopy mode in action.\line \line With its new perspective, mechanics, and extensive use of Wii motion controls, the new mode delivers radically new gameplay while retaining the spirit and fun factor of its predecessors.\line \line "We think people are going to want to be inserting tools and cameras all over the place after they get started with Endoscopy operations in Trauma Team," boasted Aram Jabbari, Manager of Public Relations and Sales at Atlus. "We'd rather they not tell anyone where they got their inspiration, and we'd certainly appreciate if they keep said tools and cameras away from us, but we know they'll fall in love with Endoscopy in the game, whether because of the addictive controls or the fresh new take on emergency medicine. Truly, the gameplay found in this mode is some of the deepest to date," he punned, ignoring the cringing faces in attendance.\line \line Bigger and more exciting than ever before, Trauma Team is the ultimate medical drama! Encounter unprecedented depth across six distinct fields of medicine. Follow the drama as never before with all-new dynamic story sequences inspired by Japanese animation and comics that capture the raw intensity and drama of life in a living hospital!\line \line Don't forget to check out the previously released Surgery video, and stay tuned for four more videos featuring Trauma Team's other core gameplay modes: Forensics, First Response, Diagnosis, and Orthopedics!\line \line Trauma Team is currently scheduled for release on April 20, 2010 with an MSRP of $49.99. For more information, please visit the website www.atlus.com/traumateam.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Atlus U.S.A., Inc.}{\loch
\line Located in Irvine, California and founded in 1991, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. is renowned for its proud tradition of publishing exceptional role-playing games with strong niche appeal. The Atlus library of critically acclaimed video games includes Demon's Souls, Odin Sphere, the Trauma Center series, and the award-winning Shin Megami Tensei series. For more information, visit http://www.atlus.com.\line \line For breaking news, special promotions, insider info, and more, visit http://www.atlus.com/faithful to join the ranks of the Atlus Faithful!\line \line \u169\'a9 2009 ATLUS Trauma Team is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line \line Trauma Team has not yet been rated by the ESRB.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Contact:}{\loch
\line Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x102\line aram@atlus.com\line \line Crystal Murray\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x128\line }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "mailto:crystal@atlus.com" }{\fldrslt {\loch\loch\cf9\ul\ulc0\loch
crystal@atlus.com}{}}}\loch
\~ }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }