{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon15\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min23}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
10/02/2010}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
The Creation of Character}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Masayuki Doi - Art Director & Character Designer}
\par \pard\plain \s16\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
\line \line \line \line As a developer, it\u8217\'92s always exciting to come up with something new. I believe the sensation is similar to what people feel as they\u8217\'92re about to play a new game for the very first time. In the last featurette, I talked about the visual aspects of Trauma Team from the art director\u8217\'92s point of view. Today, I\u8217\'92d like to go over the process of character design, using CR-S01\u8212\'97a skilled surgeon and one of the six protagonists in Trauma Team\u8212\'97as an example. I hope I can convey to you the same excitement I felt when I created this character.\line \line Dr. Derek Stiles, protagonist of the Under the Knife titles, is probably the most recognizable surgeon to fans of the series. Dr. Kimishima was added in Second Opinion, and Dr. Vaughn and Dr. Blaylock were the main characters of New Blood. With this many surgeons already in the series, we spent a great deal of time figuring out what kind of character the surgeon in Trauma Team should be.\line \line The game\u8217\'92s multi-story structure was the deciding factor. We needed each of the six protagonists to have a strong personality and presence, or else some of them would be overshadowed by the others. If you were working to create a title with a single storyline and only one protagonist, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be so concerned about this, but it\u8217\'92s a crucial element for a game like Trauma Team.\line \line What kind of characteristics will appeal to the audience? What will make this character stand out? If we can\u8217\'92t breathe life into our creation, it\u8217\'92s nothing but a failure. After many discussions and brainstorming, we came up with this:\line \line He\u8217\'92s a doctor with outstanding surgical skills, but not working for any particular hospital. In fact, he is on death row for a crime he allegedly committed. Because of his skills, however, he is summoned from the prison to perform a difficult operation. At first he seems to be devoid of emotion, but as he interacts with other doctors, he slowly regains his passion for life. His appearance is completely opposite that of a typical hero; compared to the protagonists of the past titles in the series, he is more of a solitary specialist.\line \line How\u8217\'92s that? Doesn\u8217\'92t it make you want to know more about this character? Now that the character\u8217\'92s concept has been established, it\u8217\'92s up to the designer to create a solid image that visually expresses the character\u8217\'92s traits.\line \line He stands quietly by himself, yet there\u8217\'92s something about him that draws your attention. At the center of his well-chiseled face are his captivating dark red eyes. You see him wearing a pure white straitjacket (there is a meaning behind the color white, but I can\u8217\'92t disclose that information here) underneath the white doctor\u8217\'92s coat.\line \line We wanted to incorporate all the elements we had of him into the design, and make sure we would get our message across to everyone who saw this character... That\u8217\'92s how CR-S01 came to be.\line \line From there, CR-S01 took off and started moving on his own in the event scenes and operations. And once the game is released, he will completely leave our hands and mature as a fully-fledged character in each player\u8217\'92s mind.\line \line This is our general process of character creation. We have six protagonists (and many other characters) in Trauma Team, and we put our utmost attention to each and every one of them. It is our wish that as you play through the game, you come to like at least one character.\line \line Finally, I\u8217\'92d like to mention the contest that we held at E3 2009, in which the prize was to have the winner made into a character in Trauma Team. Congratulations to Mr. Charlie Malone, and thank you for providing us with the photos! We did our best to make the character fit the game\u8217\'92s art style while retaining the features from the reference pictures. This character is one of the patients, so you\u8217\'92ll have to save his life with your own hands!\line \line Thank you very much for your continued support! There is still much to be revealed about Trauma Team, from inside info straight from the development team to new screenshots and movies. Stay tuned!}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }