{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min25}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
31/03/2010}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
TRAUMA TEAM PRICE GOES UNDER THE KNIFE, NOW $39.99; ATLUS CELEBRATES WITH FULL VIDEO TRAILER, NEW DEVELOPER FEATURETTE}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
"Doctor, is this permanent?" "Yes, Trauma Team, just as soon as the swelling goes down."}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CALIFORNIA -- MARCH 30, 2010}{\loch
 -- Atlus U.S.A., Inc. today announced that Trauma Team, its upcoming medical drama experience for Wii\u8482\'99, will launch at a newly reduced price point of $39.99. The game, which features six different fields of medicine to master and represents the largest expansion of the bestselling series to-date, offers series fans more variety and deeper gameplay than ever before.\line \line "Every heart-pounding moment of the full Trauma Team video trailer now hits even harder with the knowledge that the game's vastly increased scope can be had for a decreased price of only $39.99," mused Aram Jabbari, Manager of PR and Sales at Atlus. "Watch the trailer to learn more about how Trauma Team combines your favorite aspects of medical dramas and crime investigation shows with satisfying arcade-style gameplay and now at the attractive price of just $39.99, tremendous value as well."\line \line In addition to the full trailer and news of the lower price point, Atlus also released the latest entry in its series of Developer Featurettes, this time starring seven key members of the development staff in a frank roundtable discussion about the design and conceptualization of the game.\line \line The story of each specialty's main character is brought to life through all-new dynamic story sequences inspired by Japanese animation and comics that perfectly capture the raw intensity, excitement, and danger of every heart-pounding moment! Bigger and more exciting than ever before, Trauma Team is the ultimate medical drama!\line \line For more info, visit the game's official website: http://www.atlus.com/traumateam\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Key Features}{\loch
\line \line * 6 Ways to Play Doctor--Whether you enjoy the precision of surgery, the frantic pace of emergency medicine, or the exploration and analysis of forensics, you will find a specialty to suit you. Step into the roles of 6 different doctors to see their stories unfold and master their specialties in surgery, diagnosis, orthopedics, endoscopy, autopsy/investigation, and first response.\line \line * Dramatic, Dynamic Stories--The life and death drama surrounding 6 elite doctors will grab you with full voicework and exciting "comic style" event scenes! Inside and outside the hospital, you'll witness the personal and medical exploits that set the stage for their intense brand of medicine.\line \line * 2-player Cooperative Play--Whether you need support in surgery, emergency first response, orthopedics, or endoscopy, bring along another pair of hands and get the job done! Duties are easily divided to make cooperative procedures fun AND efficient.\line \line \u169\'a9 2009 ATLUS Trauma Team is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc. Wii is a trademark of Nintendo. \u169\'a9 2006 Nintendo.\line \line Trauma Team has been rated "T" for Teen with Blood, Language, Suggestive Themes, Use of Tobacco, and Violence by the ESRB.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Contact:}{\loch
\line \line Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x102\line aram@atlus.com\line \line Crystal Murray\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x128\line crystal@atlus.com}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\loch

\par }