{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min26}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
19/05/2010}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
TRAUMA TEAM, CRITICALLY-ACCLAIMED MEDICAL DRAMA FOR Wii, NOW AVAILABLE IN STORES ACROSS NORTH AMERICA}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
A medical drama you're a part of!}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CALIFORNIA -- MAY 18, 2010 -- }{\loch
Atlus U.S.A., Inc. today announced that Trauma Team\u8482\'99, the publisher's exciting new medical drama experience for Wii\u8482\'99, is now available at retailers across North America with an affordable launch MSRP of $39.99. Releasing to critical acclaim and strong positive word of mouth, Trauma Team offers gamers six different fields of medicine to master, putting Wii owners inside a living, breathing hospital and thrusting them into fun, fast-paced narrative filled with suspense, raw intensity, and drama.\line \line "Trauma Team combines the best aspects of medical dramas and crime investigation TV shows with satisfying gameplay that anyone can pick up and play," stated Aram Jabbari, Manager of Public Relations and Sales at Atlus. "Whether it's the captivating narrative, the interesting cast of characters, the variety of gameplay modes, or the ability to play with a friend, Trauma Team delivers exactly what Wii owners and fans of medical dramas are looking for in a new game. And at the attractive price of just $39.99, it offers tremendous value as well."\line \line Renowned gaming site GameSpot.com gave Trauma Team an 8 out of 10, calling it "...fun, engaging, and rewarding." Prominent industry magazines Game Informer and Nintendo Power also received the game warmly, scoring it 8 out of 10 as well.\line \line Trauma Team for Wii is now available in stores across North America with an MSRP of $39.99. For more info, visit the game's official website: http://www.atlus.com/traumateam\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Key Features}{\loch
\line \line * 6 Ways to Play Doctor -- Step into the roles of 6 different doctors to see their stories unfold and master their specialties in surgery, diagnosis, orthopedics, endoscopy, autopsy/investigation, and first response.\line * Dramatic, Dynamic Stories -- Inside and outside the hospital, you'll witness the personal and medical exploits that set the stage for their intense brand of medicine.\line * 2-player Cooperative Play -- Whether you need support in surgery, emergency first response, orthopedics, or endoscopy, bring along another pair of hands and get the job done!\line \line \u169\'a9 2009 ATLUS Trauma Team is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc. Wii is a trademark of Nintendo. \u169\'a9 2006 Nintendo.\line \line Trauma Team has been rated "T" for Teen with Blood, Language, Suggestive Themes, Use of Tobacco, and Violence by the ESRB.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Contact:}{\loch
\line Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x102\line aram@atlus.com\line \line Crystal Murray\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x128\line crystal@atlus.com}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }