{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr17\min12}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
13/08/2009}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
ATLUS ADMINISTERS LARGE DOSE OF OFFICIAL TRAUMA TEAM WEBSITE }
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Side-effects may include difficulty blinking eyes and slack jaw!}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
\line \line \line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CALIFORNIA -- AUGUST 12, 2009}{\loch
 -- Atlus U.S.A., Inc., today opened the doors of the official Trauma Team\u8482\'99 website, the upcoming medical entertainment experience from the makers of Trauma Center\u174\'ae and exclusively for Wii\u8482\'99. This first major site update introduces fans to Dr. Gabriel Cunningham, a brilliant albeit cynical diagnostician whose personal challenges seem to have dulled his passion for the job. Expect new sections of the site to open over time, revealing more characters, details, and media from the game.\line \line Encounter unprecedented depth across six distinct fields of medicine: play as a general surgeon, diagnostician, E.M.T., orthopedic surgeon, endoscopic technician, and forensic examiner. Follow the drama as never before with all-new dynamic story sequences inspired by Japanese animation and comics; each chapter comes vividly to life with a style seen nowhere else! Hand-drawn art, innovative animation, and quality voice acting perfectly capture the raw intensity, excitement, and danger of every heart-pounding moment!\line \line Bigger, more exciting, and more balanced than ever before, Trauma Team is the ultimate medical drama! Trauma Team is scheduled for release in Spring 2010.\line \line Visit the official website:\line http://www.atlus.com/traumateam\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Atlus U.S.A., Inc.}{\loch
\line Located in Irvine, California and founded in 1991, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. is renowned for its proud tradition of publishing exceptional role-playing games with strong niche appeal. The Atlus library of critically acclaimed video games includes Odin Sphere, the Trauma Center series, and the award-winning Shin Megami Tensei series. For more information, visit http://www.atlus.com.\line \line For breaking news, special promotions, insider info, and more, visit http://www.atlus.com/faithful to join the ranks of the Atlus Faithful!\line \line \u169\'a9 2009 ATLUS Trauma Team is a trademark of Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line Trauma Team has not yet been rated by the ESRB.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Contact:}{\loch
\line Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x102\line aram@atlus.com\line \line Crystal Murray\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455 x128\line crystal@atlus.com}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }