{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr16\min52}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
08/04/2008}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Atlus To Inject Nintendo DS With Trauma Center: Under The Knife 2}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
The Operating Room is Portable Again this July}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE\line \line \line \line \line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
IRVINE, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 7th, 2008}{\loch
 - Atlus U.S.A., Inc. today announced Trauma Center(R): Under the Knife 2 for Nintendo DS(TM), a direct sequel to the 2005 smash hit. The fast-paced medical action that made the handheld original a classic is back, along with all of your favorite Trauma Center characters. Rejoin Derek and Angie as they deal with the unpredictable aftereffects of GUILT. With numerous enhancements, including new difficulty modes and new operations, handheld surgeons have a lot to be excited about.\line \line Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 is currently scheduled to release on July 1.\line \line Trailer:\line http://www.atlus.com/assets/tcutk2trailer(4-7-08).zip\line \line Screenshots:\line http://www.atlus.com/assets/tcutk2screens(4-7-08).zip\line \line Box Art and Logo:\line http://www.atlus.com/assets/tcutk2coreassets.zip\line \line Visit the official Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 website:\line http://www.atlus.com/tcutk2\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2}{\loch
\line GUILT is no more. Dr. Derek Stiles and Nurse Angie Thompson faced humanity's greatest threat and triumphed. Now, in the aftermath, they find themselves in unknown territory, forced to deal with the disastrous consequences of the killer virus. Join them as they scramble to address questions left unanswered and put an end to the mystery behind the disease.\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
Key Features}{\loch
\line - True sequel to Under the Knife - Scrub back in to Nintendo DS for the next chapter of the award-winning Trauma Center: Under the Knife that returns to the tactile stylus-based experience that made the original a smash hit.\line - Derek and Angie are back - Caduceus' preeminent surgical team returns to confront the aftermath of the devastating GUILT epidemic in a brand new story.\line - Just what the doctor ordered - With a new easy-play mode, improved tool utility, and clearer directions, playing doctor has never been so much fun.\line \line Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 has been rated "T" for Teen with Blood, Mild Language, Mild Suggestive Themes, and Mild Violence by the ESRB.\line \line ###\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Atlus U.S.A., Inc.}{\loch
\line Located in Irvine, California and founded in 1991, Atlus U.S.A., Inc. is renowned for its proud tradition of publishing exceptional role-playing games with strong niche appeal. The Atlus library of critically acclaimed video games includes Odin Sphere, Trauma Center series, and the award-winning Shin Megami Tensei series. For more information, visit http://www.atlus.com.\line \line (C)2008 ATLUS. Licensed to and published by Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line \line ###\line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
\line CONTACT:}{\loch
\line \line Ben Karl\line Odyssey Labs\line 415-955-8531\line benjamin@odysseylabs.com\line \line Aram Jabbari\line Atlus U.S.A., Inc.\line (949) 788-0455\line aram@atlus.com }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }