{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\s1\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6 heading 1;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6 heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b Strong;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af7\afs28 \ltrch\hich\af4\loch\sb240\sa120\keepn\f4\fs28\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Body Text;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af8 \ltrch List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af8\afs24\ai \ltrch\loch\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af8 \ltrch\loch\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/25.2.4.3$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/33e196637044ead23f5c3226cde09b47731f7e27}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2025\mo6\dy25\hr16\min46}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\hyphauto1\viewscale100\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\fet\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\sb0\sa283\ltrpar{\loch
15/09/2008}
\par \pard\plain \s1\rtlch\af7\afs48\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl0\outlinelevel0\sb240\sa120\f3\fs48\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
TRAUMA CENTER: NEW BLOOD IS ADMITTED TO Wii}
\par \pard\plain \s2\rtlch\af7\afs36\ab \ltrch\hich\af3\loch\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\f3\fs36\b\dbch\af6\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Hands at the steady - It's time to get back to the operating theatre!}
\par \pard\plain \s17\loch\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\ql\sb0\sa0\ltrpar{\loch
\line \line \line \line Get into your scrubs and save lives as Trauma Center: New Blood launches on Wii. Offering an all-new immersive storyline, Trauma Center: New Blood will challenge your medical know-how, introduce you to two brand new characters and encourage participation in co-operative play, as you head to the operating theatre to combat the latest deadly virus - Stigma. So get ready to put your steady hands to the test and polish up on your operating skills as Trauma Center: New Blood goes on sale across Europe on 7th November 2008.\line \line Trauma Center: New Blood welcomes two new playable characters, Markus Vaughn and Valerie Blaylock, both highly skilled doctors soon whisked to LA to investigate the epidemic of a new deadly disease - Stigma. Caduceus, the international organisation that treats and researches new diseases is called in, however they struggle to stop the disease from taking more lives. Markus and Valerie soon come to play an important part in unravelling a web of deceit and betrayal that could lead to lethal consequences.\line \line Throughout Trauma Center: New Blood players are put in numerous enthralling situations where patients' lives hang in the balance. Players must strategically and skilfully use a set of medical instruments to operate on a wide variety of illnesses. Keeping one eye on the clock, operations must be successfully completed within a set time before advancing to the next chapter in the story. Budding surgeons can also choose the difficulty level. But beware, a harder skill level will see an increase in damage caused if mistakes are made and the stabiliser medication becomes less effective!\line \line Using a combination of the Wii Remote and Nunchuk brings realism to a whole new level as players enjoy the lifelike use of surgical instruments, for example by simulating the real-life motion of using a defibrillator with both controllers. In addition to this, players can also look forward to some new procedures to further their medical knowledge. Manual CPR and skin grafting can now be attempted as well as a variety of new medications available to inject.\line \line The Wii Remote is used to wield surgical tools with precision, making every operation a truly nerve-wracking process. In case of emergency, each character has a unique Healing Touch at their disposal. This allows players to briefly slow down time or stabilise the patient's vitals. It can only be performed once per operation and requires the player to swiftly and precisely draw a five-point star on the screen. Manual dexterity is further tested in tense operations where the Wii Remote must be carefully twisted to put broken bones back together. With more emphasis on realistic operations, Trauma Center: New Blood will have your heart racing as you struggle to save the lives of your ill-fated patients.\line \line Trauma Center: New Blood will also see two players able to team up in almost every operation using co-operative play mode. Combine your talents with a friend or family member to save lives together as you operate simultaneously, each selecting instruments from your own set. Players can also compare their healing skills with the rest of the world as they upload scores to leaderboards via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.\line \line So step up to the table and take the challenge to save lives and be a medical hero in this exciting new instalment of hospital drama as Trauma Center: New Blood launches across Europe on 7th November 2008.\line \line For further information please contact Nintendo Press Office on 0845 259 1325 or nintendopressoffice@redconsultancy.com<mailto:nintendopressoffice@redconsultancy.com>\line \line }{\loch\cs15\rtlch\ab \ltrch\loch\b\loch
About Nintendo}{\loch
\line The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Wii and Nintendo DS systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System, Nintendo has sold nearly 2.7 billion video games and more than 470 million hardware units globally, including the current generation Wii and Nintendo DS as well as the GameBoy, GameBoy Advance, Super NES, Nintendo 64 and Nintendo Gamecube. It has also created industry icons that have become well known household names such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokemon. As a wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of Europe, based in Grossostheim, Germany, was established in 1990 and serves as headquarters for Nintendo's operations in Europe.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af3\loch\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\f3\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af6\langfe2052\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }